Remote capable nodes maximum shards per node settings documentation missing (#12388)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/cluster-settings.md

- `cluster.max_shards_per_node` (Integer): Limits the total number of primary and replica shards for the cluster. The limit is calculated as follows: `cluster.max_shards_per_node` multiplied by the number of non-frozen data nodes. Shards for closed indexes do not count toward this limit. Default is `1000`. 

> - `cluster.max_remote_capable_shards_per_node` (Integer): Limits the total number of primary and replica shards for the cluster used by warm role nodes. The limit is calculated as follows: `cluster.max_remote_capable_shards_per_node` multiplied by the number of warm data nodes. This settings is useful to control total number of shards for searchable snapshots. Default is `1000`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster.max_remote_capable_shards_per_node` (Integer): Limits the total number of primary and replica shards for the cluster used by warm role nodes. The limit is calculated as `cluster.max_remote_capable_shards_per_node` multiplied by the number of warm data nodes. This setting is useful for controlling the total number of shards for searchable snapshots. Default is `1000`. 
```
